"We didn’t realise we were making memories, we just knew we were having fun." - Winnie the Pooh (#26)
LegacyRewoven/rewoven-api: README.md

> For support, consider joining the [Legacy Fabric discord server](https://discord.gg/emgF7bp), opening an issue, or creating a discussion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For support, consider joining the [Legacy Fabric discord server](https://legacyfabric.net/discord), opening an issue, or creating a discussion.
```
